hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing with you my ultimate guide to
productivity during lockdown and
specifically this is targeted at
studying but it can also be adapted to
working from home or just being
productive at home so this video is
going to be broken up into six parts
first of all we are going to look at how
you can boost motivation secondly at
finding structure
thirdly dealing with boredom fourth
finding a great study space and then
some quick final other tips all of us
have had to really quite suddenly adapt
to you a completely new way of living
and so I hope that these tips help you
to work more productively from home and
also be happier in doing so so we're
going to start with boosting motivation
because I really do think that this is
the crux to all productivity if you're
not motivated it's unlikely that you're
going to be really productive so these
are things you can do which can
hopefully boost your motivation number
one properly get ready for the day wear
something nice every day get ready do
your hair and do your makeup if you wear
makeup spend time making yourself a nice
breakfast when you treat the day like
it's worth something it becomes
something plus the way I like to think
about it is if you get ready for the day
and you get dressed in the same way that
you would get dressed for school for
example then I find that it taps into
your memory and your brain kind of knows
what to expect when you're dressed like
that so if I dress nicely if I wear
things like college shirts just nice
outfits it's always up my brain knows
that we're going to be productive and
we're gonna get things done second thing
you could consider doing is watching
live study with me this is where you
have a real time person studying on
video and you can just work alongside
them it kind of works in the same way as
if you were in the library while people
are in the library they're holding each
other accountable and by seeing someone
else study or like oh I should be doing
that too so that's kind of the idea
behind live study with me is I've been
posting quite a few on both YouTube and
Instagram which you could check out and
study alongside but Elena Han track has
actually been uploading to live study
with me every day during
halation weekdays which I would
recommend you taking a look at if you
are looking some lifestyle it means sad
thing wake up early I'm always more
productive when I wake up early I know
especially for university students if
you don't have online classes it is
tempting to just sleep in just because
you can but waking up earlier will set
your day up right
I recommend waking our party getting
your key tasks down these big tasks and
then you can look at what you've
achieved that morning and it kind of
spurs you on to achieve more and be more
productive and motivated for the rest of
the day Jeff's Aaden summarizes this
really well in his book the motivation
myth
he says success leads to motivation
leads to success leads to more
motivation another thing you could do is
read books with characters who really
motivate you or inspire you and just
have a few dog eared passages that you
can read if you want some motivation or
just watch a segment from like a TV show
or a film with a character you really
like this isn't something I do anymore
but when I was younger I do this a lot
[Music]
okay next structure I think that
structure is the most important thing if
we can successfully implement new
structure then we can more quickly adapt
change and thus become more productive
the first essential thing you can do to
help to implement new structure is to
plan an ideal morning and night routine
for yourself every month every time I go
away when I'm in a new place I like to
make a morning routine because I think
it's really important to have a solid
really productive morning routine that
will set you up well for the day ahead
and an evening routine that will help
you have a good morning a good morning
will set you up for productive day it's
like the groundwork of your day and so
if you have an unproductive morning it's
likely that your whole day is gonna be
unproductive similarly if you have a bad
evening routine then it's hard to have a
good morning routine so a good evening
routine leads to a good morning routine
leads to a good day I think it's
essential now more than ever having a
morning and night routine in place is so
important and once you've got some
structure in your morning and night
routine you can move on to your daily
routine
and I definitely don't recommend this
being quite so stringent as your morning
and night routine but what I like to do
is just have a rough idea of what I'm
gonna be doing each day so for example
this is my daily routine I've just put
it on the screen if you're interested so
then what about weekly timetables at
university I have a weekly timetable
that I follow and I don't think that's
necessary for everyone all the time like
some people just don't work well with
weekly timetables but at the moment I
think a weekly timetable can be really
useful it's so easy for all of our days
to blur into each other at the moment
because we don't have specific thing is
happening on Fridays and Saturdays and
Monday if there's a lot more flexibility
with our work and studying so having
just a rough weekly routine just a few
things that always happen on a Thursday
on Thursdays always family board game
nights or on Friday morning you always
make notes just something which helps
you to be mindful of time because when
you're mindful of time you're less
likely to waste it and you're more
likely to use it productively if you
find yourself not being productive then
I recommend making a in-depth study
timetable this keeps you accountable
and time frames mean it's more likely
that you're going to keep to the
sequence of tasks that you've set
yourself and more likely to get
everything done this works on the
principle of Parkinson's law which I've
spoken about before in my channel
Parkinson's law states that a task will
elongate to fit the length of time that
you assign it so for example if I give
myself 30 minutes to finish now say I'll
finish in 30 minutes if I give myself 6
hours it will take me 6 hours
well at home and one of the greatest
challenges is boredom our society is
fast-paced there is always something to
do and so we're not really used to this
this is what I'm doing to make sure that
I don't get bored and listeth for one I
would really recommend you writing a
list of things you can do when you are
bored you can refer back to you when
you're not sure what to do and I think
it's essential that you write this when
you are in a really positive motivated
state of mind and then my second thing
to recommend is just to write down your
goals for lockdown and have actionable
goals that you can work towards
so the next thing I want to run through
is setting up a really great study space
which is so so important now it's key
that you keep your desk clean and tidy
and uncluttered the second thing is to
move your desk or position your desk so
that it is in front of a window or
somewhere with lots of light a study by
Cornell University found that that
because natural light produced eyestrain
it also increased productivity and again
if you can open a window I would say
open a window because having an airy
space even if it's colder is definitely
preferable also make sure that you have
everything you need on your desk so that
you don't get distracted half way
through and have to go find something if
you can move around and change locations
I would recommend this move to the sofa
the kitchen table if you have a sibling
maybe you see if you can switch tasks
with them where in the house all of the
time and things are repetitive enough as
they are so if you can switch things up
you might be able to ring your
productivity you could also put up
photographs on your desk space things
that bring you joy and happiness whilst
you're working so particularly pictures
of friends and family at the moment
because of course we can't see them
during lockdown then I've also included
music in this action as with changing up
locations I think it can be useful to
change up your study playlist so that
they don't grow stale these are the five
study playlists I think you should
curate first of all a feel-good playlist
this is for low focused tasks like
copying up notes and sorting through
files next movie soundtracks which can
be used for most studying
similarly classical music next ambient
music for more focused tasks and also
background sounds for more focused tasks
again so this is like rain noise there's
a really great app called rain rain
which I'd recommend and also the youtube
channel err some are rooms which
provides like Harry potter-themed
soundscapes to study to having sunny
playlists is really useful because since
you're in the house with your family I
can imagine that things do get noisy
sometimes I've also now got
I sign up on my room which tells my
family when I'm doing focus studying
asking them not to come in
and then here are a few are there just
really quick tips so the first thing is
to make sure that you are exercising
daily a paper by Hillman Erickson and
Cramer explores the link between regular
aerobic exercise and academic
performance and I will leave that link
down below if you're interested also
it's so important to be eating healthily
what we eat and what we feed our brain
is linked to how productive we are and I
do have a video on this which is going
to be coming very soon which is very
exciting link to that make sure you are
drinking lots of water I would recommend
not reading the news too much it's
really easy to over read the news at the
moment and become anxious and distracted
and therefore less productive I would
also recommend downloading the app
forest if you aren't using it already
it's a great way to stay on track with
your tasks and not getting distracted
and finally don't use your phone in the
morning this can lead you into a spiral
of unproductivity and as I said it's so
important to start our day on the right
foot and set ourselves up for a good day
so I hope that you enjoyed watching this
video I hope that it was helpful I
really want to make sure that I'm
creating content that is useful for you
and meaningful at the moment so please
just let me know if there are any other
videos that you want me to upload that
would be helpful during this lockdown
period so thank you for watching and I
hope that you have a productive week
[Music]